Betsy Checkpoint (#35)
gSchool/ada-2-ruby-on-rails: intro-to-rails-4/betsy.checkpoint.md

# bEtsy

<!-- >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> BEGIN CHALLENGE >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> -->
<!-- Replace everything in square brackets [] and remove brackets  -->

### !challenge

* type: short-answer
* id: 79e941d4-f91a-4aa9-8256-6a4b2195d669
* title: bEtsy Pull Request
* points: 3
* topics: rails

##### !question

**ONE** team member please fork and clone the [Ada-C14 bEtsy Ranker Repo](https://github.com/Ada-C14/betsy).

Then cd into the folder with `cd betsy`

> Then add your team as collaborators on the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add your team as collaborators on the repository on github.com
```

> Then create a new rails project with `rails new .`, add commit and push to master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then create a new rails project with `rails new .`, add commit and push to Github (origin master).
```

> Then complete the project and create a pull request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you'd completed the project, create a pull request. 
```

When you create the pull request your tests will automatically run and you can see the results at the bottom of the PR.

![Pull Request](images/automatic-tests.png)

Notice that it says, **"All checks have passed".** You can  click on **Show all checks** and see the results of the tests.

Please submit a link to your pull request here.

> **Due:  Monday November 16th 9am**

Reviewer 2: Not a real review since I'm just glancing at this, but I think the due date is Wed November 25th.
